[Autogenerated] All right, So now that you're done with actions and change,
let's actually dive into instances and notes.
Now for this,
we're not gonna have a deep presentation because
there's a massive amount of services.
But just for a high level, we're gonna look at inventory config compliance.
We're going to use session manager, which is a very handy tool,
and we're gonna look at many,
many more capabilities offered within this suite of tools.
Now you'll notice when we swap to the consul here coming up,
there's going to be a ton of services,
and I'll touch on each of them at minimum at a high level and
will try and dive into a Zeman E as we can.
So let's go ahead.
Wrap up this demo overview on exploring instances and nodes and let's start getting our hands dirty and diving into the consul